Change DynamoDBCacheBackend to handle floats (#42)
mirumee/ariadne-graphql-proxy: CHANGELOG.md

# CHANGELOG

## UNRELEASED

> - Added `CacheSerializer`, `NoopCacheSerializer` and `JSONCacheSerializer`. Changed `CacheBackend`, `InMemoryCache`, `CloudflareCacheBackend` and `DynamoDBCacheBackend` to handle `serializer` argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added `CacheSerializer`, `NoopCacheSerializer` and `JSONCacheSerializer`. Changed `CacheBackend`, `InMemoryCache`, `CloudflareCacheBackend` and `DynamoDBCacheBackend` to accept `serializer` initialization option.
```
